this guy bit me oh he's picking a fight
on my bike now all right well you're in
for a ride my
guy look this Endless Sea of bikes it's
a.m. Baron has decided to wake
up I don't know how many times so Mom
took most of it last night so I'm going
to get her breakfast to surprise her
that's a small thank you
[Music]
we're back in yamate it's so pretty here
although the weather kind of sucks but
that makes it nice because otherwise
it's like 35 degrees and humid you've
seen yamata many times in our Vlogs we
just love it here it's so pretty my just
said she's cold
for the first time in
months there we go so we found this area
through this movie it's Studio gibli but
it's not made by Miaki it's made by his
son it's really good check it out
[Music]
so there's rain today usually mugie
likes to lay in the sun to sunbath but
she found a sunspot
[Music]
anyway what you got there
bi thank
you there you
go hello we're doing a date trip to in
the mountains in
carawa and we're going on this road
which I was never able to go because I
don't have winter tires but now it's
summer so we can go yay this temperature
is
nice it's just been 35
humidity every damn day for like feels
like four months so this is a good call
a lot of people here we're going to see
a waterfall that we've been we come
we've been to K many times but the
waterfall has always been inaccessible
so yeah I'm excited to see it where's
the
water that way
[Music]
yes yeah where's the
waterfall yes it's that way
[Music]
yes so he goes all the way
n
[Applause]
[Music]
we just arrived at the hotel we're
staying here for free really really
pretty so far I can't tell you how good
it feels to see some Greenery and nice
temperature like this is such a good
Escape I love it P is Thoroughly
inspecting everything what do you think
so far be good
quality where's the hotel
be yes it is such a pretty Garden
area B what are you
[Music]
doing
yes we're about to have dinner it's so
lovely and nice I'm loving it here so
far
[Music]
dad and be had a good sleep looked like
Mama had to do most of it feels so good
to be outside and not cook I love it but
we're going back today we might do
something on the way out
[Music]
so pretty we're in in Lake Garden we
weren't allowed to film for YouTube so I
can't show it but if you encour Z I
definitely recommend it like really
magical Lake Area it feels like we're in
a movie set Marc said and I love the
architecture okay we found a loophole
we're sing at the cafe at the next to it
such a pretty Street I love it I can't
believe these houses look abandoned
they're next to this gorgeous Pond
should we Snoop inside it looks like an
old flower shop or
something yes it
is so pretty a little creepy doll
[Music]
such a pretty stop here all right that's
uh every a wrap for
karawa really really enjoyed our stay
felt like a nice break from the Heat and
uh it's just so peaceful to be in nature
and I think uh all the locals were so
friendly too we'll have to come back
again
[Music]
we're at
the yeah so exciting we have doll H
nuggets
meatballs you want mine okay I have a
spoon you want to just bite it up
M was a good
be
hey
y y so
exciting 3 2
[Music]
1 again his first time in a s p
we
[Music]
he
I love him but they going to carry
him throughout town and it's the W of
evil yes it's a snake
B it's a
snake it's a snake
[Music]
I just finished writing a piece for the
monthly shellberg newsletter if you guys
don't know we have a newsletter
September post should be up while you
see this uh where we have more in-depth
about our travels kind of like the Vlogs
but in the written form like a Blog but
also shared some delicious recipes
there's three of them I wrote a piece
about becoming a dad and what I've
learned from it so that's interesting
check it out it's subscription and thank
you for
[Music]
supporting can we play another game here
what do you
[Music]
think today we're going to yanaka it's
quite far for us but it's we've never
been and we wanted we we' been wanting
to check it out for a long time it's
like a old towy kind of feel I
[Music]
think I feel like I haven't complained
about the heat that much is year
considering how hot it's been it's too
hot to to be outside it's too hot to do
anything but here we are
[Applause]
anyway that's
pretty there it is the shopping
street super interesting architecture
[Music]
H which one are you hoping
for it was fake it was
fake very Aesthetics
fall wish I got a bird in there
that was actually kind of
cool subway line and the she subway
[Music]
line we are at the ji Museum uh I heard
about this like long before we moved
here
but getting tickets is always so
difficult but friend hooked us up so we
have it super pretty so far super nice
[Music]
day we're going
up oh we made
it it's the day and Rob I scared
[Music]
we're in uh
shimawa I have not been here in Forever
it's like the hip area I think I'm too
old to say that there's a moon
exhibition here Jen where's the
Moon yes it's up in the
[Music]
sky how was the meal sir was it
everything to your
fancy there's the
moon
[Music]
hey that's so
cool
[Music]
wow big day today we're going to aaji
Island
it's an island little on the south side
of Japan we're taking the shinkansen
first time with beon I don't know how we
haven't done this before so I'm very
excited I see the she com and it's right
there
tiing that's where we're going we're
already a little behind schedule so you
know definitely going to go great
[Music]
I'm liking the music
all right we Shin K we still have a car
right to go uh the was very
cute he was like High fighting old
ladies aacha but man it was also very
[Music]
stressful all right we're reaching the
first location H Kitty Showbox and
there's a big Big
Apple that's so cool the building is
shaped like Hello Kitty
Oh So
Soft yes
B so we're waiting for a h kitty show
that starts in 30 minutes
[Music]
baa baa that was your first show he
really liked it now we're going to do
something very different very different
from hella
Kitty so now we are in at nigan noori
this beautiful Park and then they've
also built a theme park here which is
Anime themed so they got narut
got shinan Dragon Quest I'm doing like a
Godzilla zip
line which I'm kind of nervous
about wow that's so
cool I think last time I said that was
from Final Fantasy and everyone get mad
at me sorry it's Dragon Quest there it
is baby goodzilla so
cute okay I don't know if you can hear
me cuz the phone is in like a safety
thing but yeah I'm going up to do the
zip line
now it should be really fun it looks
crazy it doesn't Focus there we go I'm
going to run
ah
[Music]
y getting ready two one
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't know if you can see anything but
that was amazing that was a big splash
I'm really
[Music]
wet there's the bridge we came
through that's so pretty
[Music]
this is our hotel for the evening it's
the Godzilla
rooma B
Goa oh look you got slippers
be
yay
wow oh wow that's
amazing I have stayed in a lot of hotel
rooms in my life but I have never stayed
in a hotel room like this one
everything to The Last Detail is
Godzilla I didn't expect itone walking
in cuz the hotel was so like fancy it's
a beautiful room don't get me wrong but
I just did not
expect where everyone that stays here
gets like a goodie bag they have like a
secret mission and if you solve it you
get this key and then you can press this
button that will release something
[Music]
we just had an amazing meal that was
seriously so good we're well taken care
of here has to go to bed so they're
bringing our dessert to our room isn't
that so nice you chatty be
hello little
guy I did the mission and I
found I found the
[Music]
key that goes here that's so fun I love
how they did this all right here we go
pressing the big button
you I thought I pressed
it that's so cool even the bed
lits mission
complete I'm ready to go to bed
now making now to get a night view
before being
frle that's worth
it wow
and then there's the
moon so today we have another really fun
day planned ton of
activities uh but we get a bit of a slow
start which I'm happy about we can yeah
do whatever we want until 10: I thought
I saw
something oh what was
that where is
he there you
are all right we're at the Naruto
Sho the ninja Village I come prepared
all right so I have two
missions Earth or Heaven scroll we'll
see which one I choose
that's
sick perfect
[Music]
wait
wait I've not g in a slide in a while
this is
fun
he that was fun yeah yeah so I'm doing
the second uh Mission now learning more
hand
signs oh so fast
and how was that it was like this no oh
I won
yeah second one I've already forgotten
[Music]
did I don't know why it's so funny to
me got the nin
tals anim this so cool there's something
I'm searching for in here I
made oh she it that's
cool all right that was it for the ninja
Village that was so much fun I did all
the
missions uh it was really fun the ending
was uh I couldn't film the ending but it
was it was really funny I felt very
cool very unexpected I'll tell you
that all right we're going time lunch at
another Hello Kitty
building right
[Music]
here
yay
y wow you can clip yen
[Music]
Shin Chan's horror house so shinshan is
a super popular cartoon here maybe it's
in your country too I might send you
about it I only learn about it here it's
really fun it's a really fun cartoon the
toilets
oh ch's Kindergarten
[Music]
how are you tired at the rush wrong time
every
time another amazing day huh I Island
[Music]
look at
this fresh for
[Music]
today that's
pretty full
money you will become a werewolf can you
go
out that was such a good dinner
that was one of my favorite dinners I
had that was
delicious like it
to the moon be
[Music]
[Applause]
what is this cutie
doing what is this cutie doing we're
going to pick vegetables today V all
right bye-bye Godzilla room such a crazy
room I love it I think if Yan was a
little older he would love this room cuz
they have all this like yeah missions
and quests you can do let's come back
yeah very cool
byebye byebye
[Music]
M that's good it's good it's really good
yeah after that is not too B no you're
right you're right it is yes almost
sweet yeah since they don't use
pesticide you can just eat it right away
aome was and uh they have a friendly for
kids to come as well so they can get
that experience of pickings and eating
all the
look like the Star Wars
[Music]
Huts so they will be these farming Huts
where they'll be surrounded by farmland
and you can stay pick your veggies and
cook them it's really really cool
actually I love that yeah I love the
architecture it's really
cool now we're going to zenr tree
get some meditation going what do you
think of that
[Music]
be wow we're so high up
here
wow I did not expect this building to be
so
incredible I know it would be a cool
building but it's amazing wow
you your own to how me that
meal was incredible we get the whole
floor for ourselves it's amazing really
really
special special
area so you can't really see any
buildings around but where we stay was
actually over there
all right we're taking the shinen back
aaji was such a lovely stay aaji was
like a mix of anime pop culture and all
these fun attractions but they also you
know had the Zen connect with nature and
delicious meals and yeah it was really
like a nice encapsulating mix of Japan I
think so I really really enjoyed it and
uh it's quite easy to get to so I
recommend
if you want to try something different
on your Japan trip everyone always ask
where should I go and the goto are
always Kyo NOA but I think there's so
many other places you could go as well
thank you aaji we would love to come
back
[Music]
we're in aexa Old Tokyo old part of
Tokyo really love it here it's so pretty
at night especially we're going to have
some dinner and uh walk around enjoy the
atmosphere we're having a date night for
the first time in a very long time it's
been really lovely we've definitely have
forgotten a little bit just to have some
time for thatx so it's like whoa what a
view we get the golden
poop and the
[Music]
tower today's the first day of autum
actually so they must have added them
today I
[Music]
think
yes they lit it up so well
[Music]
can you stop moving I'm trying
to no this is not baby proof and he
knows he's not supposed to go near it
Nay Nay Nay
Nay don't do it
no you can't do
it I know it's not fair but you can't do
it
what was that
face
nay don't do it it's
dangerous it's
dangerous you can't do it
[Music]
you want to check out some toys
SP it's ringing
[Music]
it's
Christmas 87 days
left trying to take a photo
there yes I
know it's right
there maybe it's dangerous maybe it's D
what
[Music]
there you
are my has been styling me what do you
guys think my new
look that look like a 35y old
dad I like the pants and I like the
sweater I'm not solo on the whole thing
M also wants me my hair to be like mess
see and
weird where